has devoted all. Sir, you're going to have new team members reporting
aboard this ship, This water to the organization. So things that you
want to look at is where does the person on the team? Shit. Okay, what
MLS is, does this person have? Where in the Manning document does
he or she fit? If I need a SAR swimmer and the sewer swimming school
is only offered, you know, semi annually. And I report that three
star swimmers aboard the ship okay? And this person is reported to
me as a star swimmer, but hasn't been to this girl. Okay, Now I have
to make sure that he or she has had time and reported in route to coming
to my team. Does he have time? She had time to get this article.
By the way, when you get those orders and you're looking at your
team rotations, start swimming School is very important for the chef
way. Need somebody out there? That's your responsibility. It's not
the person. It's your responsibility to make sure that you have the
full complement of people. You need to carry out the mission. So you
know what's Our swimmer is leaving make sure you've either identified
a new person coming of war to go on, be sold for You have identified
someone else within the team to go to saw school and become. The
ships are sworn now I've since our swimmer, but that applies for a
majority of multiple off unless it's within the ship.